README.md, before:

# Scripts for Flutter's performance lab and dashboard

This repository contains scripts for the job that generates data for the
dashboard.

To test this script locally:

- Get a Mac with a recent Mac OS X.
- Clone this repository _exactly_ into `~/flutter_dashboard/dashboard_box`, so
  that the `run.sh` script could be found _exactly_ at
  `~/flutter_dashboard/dashboard_box/run.sh`.
- For better results, make sure there's nothing else in `~/flutter_dashboard`.
- Complete the [Flutter Setup](https://flutter.io/setup/), if you haven't
  already. Note, however, that this job will install its own copy of Flutter.
- Install [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com).
- Connect an Android device.
- Set `ANDROID_DEVICE_ID` environment variable to the ID of your device as
  reported by `flutter devices` command (this is because the ID of the device
  connected to the box is not the same as yours).
- Launch `run.sh`. Or, if you are testing the `lanuchd` configuration, then
  `launchctl start job.plist`, but don't forget to kill the job after testing,
  otherwise it will spin on your computer forever, draining all kinds of
  resources (`launchctl remove io.flutter.dashboard`).

If `launchd` was able to run the script, you will be able to find the output in
`/tmp/flutter.dashboard.stdout` (standard output) and in
`/tmp/flutter.dashboard.stderr` (standard error).

## Locally running the dashboard front-end

To locally test the dashboard front-end, use
`http://localhost:8181` and serve the `main_site`
directory from this repo.

The OAuth redirects are very specific.

Commit message:

kill jekyll; misc code cleanups (#30)

README.md, after:

# Scripts for Flutter's performance lab and dashboard

This repository contains scripts for the job that generates data for the
dashboard.

To test this script locally:

- Get a Mac with a recent Mac OS X.
- Clone this repository _exactly_ into `~/flutter_dashboard/dashboard_box`, so
  that the `run.sh` script could be found _exactly_ at
  `~/flutter_dashboard/dashboard_box/run.sh`.
- For better results, make sure there's nothing else in `~/flutter_dashboard`.
- Complete the [Flutter Setup](https://flutter.io/setup/), if you haven't
  already. Note, however, that this job will install its own copy of Flutter.
- Connect an Android device.
- Create `config.json` file in `dashboard_box` directory.
- Launch `run.sh`.

On the actual build box `launchd` writes standard output in
`/tmp/flutter.dashboard.stdout` and `/tmp/flutter.dashboard.stderr`.

## config.json

The config file must be a JSON file under `dashboard_box` defining the following variables:

 * `ANDROID_DEVICE_ID` - the ID of the Android device used for performance testing
 * `FIREBASE_FLUTTER_DASHBOARD_TOKEN` - authentication token to Firebase used to upload metrics (not needed for local testing)

Example:

```json
{
  "ANDROID_DEVICE_ID": "...",
  "FIREBASE_FLUTTER_DASHBOARD_TOKEN": "..."
}
```
